Chapter 18 is all about reinforcement learning. This was my first real exposure to reinforcement learning and how it works so this chapter was very time consuming to complete and there was a lot of new material and a lot of different concepts to wrap my head around. Reinforcement learning is essentially teaching a model to learn recursively through a variety of methods with the hopes of improving and possibly mastering it's given task over time. This is usually done through a reward system where the model is rewarded positively when it does something successfully, and given a negative reward when it does something wrong. In this chapter there is an introduction to the OpenAI Gym environment where you can build and test different reinforcement learning models in an environment to either play video games or complete specific tasks where it loads in pygame in python. This chapter talks about different neural network policies, crediting models and the problems that come along with it, different types of learning algorithms for reinforcement models such a Q-Learning, Double DQN, and Deuling DQN. There is a section of the TF-Agents library which is an environment where TensorFlow and the OpenAI Gym environment overlap and play nicely. Then finally, the chapter ends with a step by step walkthrough creating a reinforcement algorithm to play a classic atari game and some popular RL algorithms from recent papers.
The jupyter notebook for chapter 18 goes into more depth on the libraries mentioned above and the algorithms associated to reinforcement learning.
